Documentation overhaul (#61)
QuantumKitHub/TensorKitSectors.jl: docs/src/interface/required.md

The unit ``\mathbb{1}`` acts as the identity under fusion:
```math
\mathbb{1} ⊗ a ≅ a ≅ a ⊗ \mathbb{1}
```
The dual of a sector ``a`` is the unique sector ``\bar{a}`` such that:
```math
N^{a\bar{a}}_{\mathbb{1}} = 1 \quad \text{and} \quad N^{\bar{a}a}_{\mathbb{1}} = 1
```

```@docs; canonical = false
unit
dual
```

**Example: U₁**
```julia
unit(::Type{U1Irrep}) = U1Irrep(0)         # charge 0 is the unit
dual(c::U1Irrep) = U1Irrep(-charge(c))    # opposite charge
```

**Example: SU₂**
```julia
unit(::Type{SU2Irrep}) = SU2Irrep(0)      # spin 0 is the unit
dual(s::SU2Irrep) = s                      # self-dual
```

**Multifusion categories** can have multiple units and may distinguish between left and right units.
For such cases, additional methods are available:

```@docs; canonical = false
allunits
leftunit
rightunit
```

For regular fusion categories the unit object is unique, such that `unit`, `leftunit` and `rightunit` all coincide.

## Associativity

The associativity of the fusion tensor product tells us how to relate the basis states ``|(a ⊗ b → e) ⊗ c → d\rangle`` to the states ``|a ⊗ (b ⊗ c → f) → d\rangle``.

> This is encoded in the F-symbols, which give the coefficients to transform the different ways of fusing three sectors into eachother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is encoded in the F-symbols, which give the coefficients to transform the different ways of fusing three sectors to one.
```

```@docs; canonical = false
Fsymbol
```

Formally, the F-symbol ``F^{abc}_d`` with intermediate sectors ``e`` and ``f`` is a linear transformation between the two different parenthesizations:

```math
[F^{abc}_d]^f_e : (a ⊗ b → e) ⊗ c → d \quad \longrightarrow \quad a ⊗ (b ⊗ c → f) → d
```

For sectors with `UniqueFusion` or `SimpleFusion`, the F-symbol is a scalar `<:Number`.
For `GenericFusion`, it is a rank-4 tensor with indices corresponding to the multiplicity labels of each fusion vertex.

The F-symbols must satisfy the **pentagon equation** for every choice of sectors:
```math

> \sum_n F^{bcd}_{gn} F^{abn}_{fe} = \sum_m F^{abc}_{em} F^{amc}_{fg} F^{bcd}_{gf}

Reviewer: There's definitely sector labels missing here, and I also think it's beneficial to use the labels in the docs/paper, but indeed without the multiplicity labels for readability.

**Examples:**
TODO: fix these examples
```julia
# Trivial category: all F-symbols are 1
Fsymbol(::Trivial, ::Trivial, ::Trivial, ::Trivial, ::Trivial, ::Trivial) = 1

# U₁ irreps: all F-symbols are 1 (canonical gauge choice)
Fsymbol(a::U1Irrep, b::U1Irrep, c::U1Irrep, d::U1Irrep, e::U1Irrep, f::U1Irrep) = 1

# SU₂ irreps: computed from 6j-symbols
Fsymbol(a::SU2Irrep, b::SU2Irrep, c::SU2Irrep, d::SU2Irrep, e::SU2Irrep, f::SU2Irrep) = ...
```

## Braiding

Sectors can have a braiding structure that describes the effect of exchanging two tensor factors.
The braiding is encoded in the R-symbol ``R^{ab}_c``, which is a linear transformation between the fusion channels ``a ⊗ b → c`` and ``b ⊗ a → c``.
For sectors with `UniqueFusion` or `SimpleFusion`, the R-symbol is a complex phase.
For `GenericFusion`, it is a square matrix relating the multiplicity spaces of the two fusion orders.

The R-symbols must satisfy the **hexagon equations** together with the F-symbols:
```math
\sum_g R^{ab}_g F^{abx}_{cg} R^{ax}_c = \sum_{f,h} F^{bax}_{cf} R^{af}_h F^{axb}_{ch}
```

> and the analogous equation with ``a`` and ``b`` swapped.

Reviewer: There's more to it than just swapping a and b, but it's probably not worth going into it. Maybe meet halfway and say something about over- and underbraiding?

Reviewer 2: Any figures that can be borrowed from the TensorKit docs? Or that I can make based on those?

- `Bosonic()` for symmetric braiding with trivial twist (all R-symbols square to identity, all twists equal +1)
- `Fermionic()` for symmetric braiding with fermion parity (twists can be ±1)
- `Anyonic()` for general braiding with arbitrary phases or non-symmetric exchange

```@docs; canonical = false
Rsymbol
BraidingStyle
```

**Examples:**
TODO: fix these examples
```julia
# Trivial category: bosonic braiding, all R-symbols are 1
BraidingStyle(::Type{Trivial}) = Bosonic()
Rsymbol(::Trivial, ::Trivial, ::Trivial) = 1

# Fermion parity: fermionic braiding
BraidingStyle(::Type{FermionParity}) = Fermionic()
Rsymbol(a::FermionParity, b::FermionParity, c::FermionParity) = 
    iseven(a) || iseven(b) ? 1 : -1

# Fibonacci anyons: anyonic braiding
BraidingStyle(::Type{FibonacciAnyon}) = Anyonic()
Rsymbol(::FibonacciAnyon, ::FibonacciAnyon, ::FibonacciAnyon) = exp(4π*im/5)

# Planar trivial: no braiding
BraidingStyle(::Type{PlanarTrivial}) = NoBraiding()
```

## Utility Methods

Sectors must support a deterministic ordering and hashing so they can be used as dictionary keys, sorted collections, and canonical fusion outputs.

> Keep the order consistent with `values(I)`, i.e. the enumeration of objects happens in a sorted fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One should keep the order consistent with `values(I)`, i.e. the enumeration of objects should happen in a sorted fashion.
```
or something along those lines. I'm not sure exactly what message is being conveyed here, but I think the imperative mood was accidental

TODO: this is technically optional!
- `Base.getindex(::SectorValues{I}, i::Int)`: Access the i-th sector value
- `findindex(::SectorValues{I}, c::I)`: Find the index of sector `c`

!!! note
    The choice of `IteratorSize` determines how associative containers are constructed in e.g. a `GradedSpace`.
    In the case of `HasLength()`, an implicit mapping between the values and the position is used to enable storage through `Tuple`s or `Vector`s.
    In the other cases one has to resort to `AbstractDict`-like containers.
    If the set of simple objects is sufficiently large, it might be beneficial to register its length as `SizeUnknown()` to avoid putting too much pressure on the compiler.

**Example: `Z3Irrep`**
```julia
# ℤ₃ has exactly 3 irreps labeled by 0, 1, 2
Base.iterate(::SectorValues{Z3Irrep}, i = 0) = i > 2 ? nothing : (Z2Irrep(i), i+1)
Base.IteratorSize(::Type{SectorValues{Z3Irrep}}) = HasLength()
Base.length(::SectorValues{Z3Irrep}) = 3
Base.getindex(::SectorValues{Z3Irrep}, i::Int) = Z3Irrep(i-1)
findindex(::SectorValues{Z3Irrep}, c::Z3Irrep) = c.n + 1
```

**Example: `U1Irrep`**
```julia
# U₁ an irrep for each integer: 0, 1, -1, 2, -2, ...

> Base.iterate(::SectorValues{U1Irrep}, i = 0) = (U1Irrep(i), i <= 0 ? (-i + 1) : -i - 1)

Reviewer 2: This is not correct even if we were to only iterate over the integer values, since the last value should be `-i` instead of `-i-1`. But the actual implementation is
```julia
function Base.iterate(::SectorValues{U1Irrep}, i::Int = 0)
    return i <= 0 ? (U1Irrep(half(i)), (-i + 1)) : (U1Irrep(half(i)), -i)
end
```

Maybe `SU2Irrep` is a better example:

```suggestion
Base.iterate(::SectorValues{SU2Irrep}, i::Int = 0) = (SU2Irrep(half(i)), i + 1)
```
